on to
the final challenge the santa
challenge the santa is the last
impactful communication
idea and you may be wondering why
there's an image of a candle
that smells like a vinyl store well that
goes back to a conversation i had with
somebody named
johnny cupcakes so his actual name is
johnny earl but he goes by johnny
cupcakes and he was actually our speaker
for those of you who are at the activate
conference last year
he was one of our keynote speakers and
johnny has created this
awesome store that appears to be a
cupcake
factory or a cupcake bakery but it's
actually a t-shirt shop so when you walk
in there's the smells
of vanilla frosting and there's fridges
and ovens but when you open those
fridges and ovens there's not cupcakes
there's t-shirts and when you buy a
t-shirt it comes wrapped
in a pastry box and every customer
whether they purchase something or not
they leave
johnny's store with a story that they
can tell
others so johnny is an expert on brand
hysteria
but i had a chance to interview him on
the re max hustle podcast and he told me
a story
that really stuck out to me and was
really powerful
there was one day in july a few years
ago where he was standing
with his staff in the board room and
they were chatting about
the best christmas gifts they ever
received as a child
so you even right now watching this
think about the best christmas gift you
ever got
as a child and they went around and they
were all telling the stories of these
different gifts
recalling the nostalgia they had smiles
on their faces
and it was really fun to hear all of
these stories
but what they didn't realize is that
their leader their boss
johnny was taking note of their answers
and so over the next six months johnny
sourced out
all of those gifts on ebay on amazon at
garage sales
all of those rare toys and those
nostalgic gifts and then that year at
christmas
he gave all of his staff members their
favorite childhood gifts
some staff members cried
it meant so much to them knowing that
they had a leader who not
only listened to their answers and
remembered those things but
actually cared enough to do that
now i want you to remember that
statistic i showed you at the very
beginning of the presentation the one
that said
91 of employees say that their leaders
lack communication skills how many one
of
johnny's employees on that day would
have said that he lacks
communication skills my guess is zero
johnny was an impactful communicator
and it showed with his leadership skills
so why
is there a photo of a candle that smells
like a vinyl star well i was so inspired
by what johnny told me on that day
that i went back to an earlier part of
the interview and he talked about one of
his favorite things in life and that is
the smell
of a record store and so this goes back
to his days working at
a record store called newberry comics in
boston and he said he just loved that it
brings joy to him
and so i scoured the internet to find a
record store smelling candle and there
was one shop
for all i know one shop in la that sells
a vinyl store smelling camera
candle and so i knew i had to get that
for johnny so i sent it to him
along with a handwritten note thanking
for him for being on the podcast
taking johnny's example so here is the
santa challenge this year
give at least five next level kick ass
gifts
to those who mean a lot to you and this
could be
it's better if it doesn't happen just at
christmas this could be a random time
just to show
somebody your appreciation and perhaps
be a great leader
you